christow society is developing a program
for recreational divers worldwide to
actively involve divers in the study and
preservation of the marine environment
this program is called Cousteau divers
I'm using the opportunity of this
expedition to develop the Mediterranean
Sea survey for Cousteau diver program
I've managed to put together this survey
which is both simple so anyone can do it
if you don't have to be a marine
biologist to complete the survey during
the dive
contains information that's valuable for
scientists the main point of this survey
is of course being entertaining being
fun you're underwater and you're doing
an investigation you're working out
there some species you're you're really
becoming an active agent of the
conservation of the underwater world so
a little bit about the survey basically
you'll be recording what you see down
there so the kind of environment the
kind of geological environment the kind
of biological environment some key bio
indicator species so some species when
you see them they tell you something
about the health of your dive site
whatever you see down there basically
you write down it transforms the way you
died you become an investigator
detective underwater looking out for
these clues of the health of the place
you're diving so you're diving in you're
recording these this information and
then you'll be uploading it on our
website
who's the divers the board
you